Documentation: Fix incorrect assertion that CIDR notation is only valid for ipv6 (#33107)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/functions/cidrnetmask.mdx

The result is a subnet address formatted in the conventional dotted-decimal
IPv4 address syntax, as expected by some software.

> Because CIDR notation is the only valid notation for IPv6 addresses, `cidrnetmask`

Reviewer: Hi! 👋  I agree this sentence could use further clarification, how would you feel about re-phrasing this to be even more explicit: 
```suggestion
 The `cidrnetmask` function only accepts IPv4 addresses in CIDR notation. If you use an IPv6 address, `cidrnetmask` returns an error. 
```

> produces an error if given an IPv6 address.

Reviewer: (My previous suggestion would remove this line)
```suggestion
```
